Updates for key pages (#4763)
flutter/website: src/docs/whats-new.md

## Oct 1, 2020

Flutter 1.22 is live! For details, see [Announcing Flutter 1.22][].

**Docs updated or added to flutter.dev since the 1.20 release**

* Updated the [Developing for iOS 14][] page with
  details about targeting iOS 14 with Flutter, including some Add-to-App,
  deep linking, and notification considerations.
* Added a page on how to [add an iOS App Clip][], a new iOS 14 feature
  that supports running lightweight, no-install apps under 10 MB.
* Added a page that describes how to [migrate your app to use the
  new icon glyphs available in `CupertinoIcons`][cupertino-icons].
* Added a page that describes the new [implementation for Platform Views
  and how to use them to host native Android and iOS views in your
  Flutter app][platform-views]. This feature has enabled the
  [google_maps_flutter][] and [webview_flutter][] plugins to be
  updated to production-ready release 1.0.
* Added a page that describes how to use the new [App Size tool][]
  in Dart DevTools.

**Codelabs**

We've added a new codelab since the last stable release:

* [Building Beautiful Transitions with Material Motion for Flutter][]
  Learn how to use the Material [animations][] package to

>   add pre-built transitions to a Material app called Reply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  add prebuilt transitions to a Material app called Reply.
```
